Daisy
A gentle breeze touched my cheek as I raced through the field while my mother watched with fondness from the small, checkered picnic blanket we spread. The tall blades of grass tickled my legs and the buzzing of the bees played like a song in my head. I fling my arms out wide, feeling as high as the airplanes that had gilded above us moments earlier. I crash land into my mother’s lap with a gleeful giggle. Her warmth envelops me as she greets me with a hug, as she mirrors my own joy. It is days like this that I never want to end: days where I can play in large fields under my mother’s watchful eyes, days where I join my mother in the kitchen and make messy masterpieces that last days before their final traces have been wiped, days where I can nuzzle my head into the crook of her neck and feel like the safest person in the world. And in the depths of night when I ask my mother what I would do without her, she gives me the same fond smile and shakes her head. She tucks a strand of my hair behind my ear and whispers that she hopes I’ll never have to know. The next day we’ll go gather a bouquet of innocent daisies to brighten up the narrow halls of our tiny home. 
Camellia 
Rain poured outside. It felt as if every drop of rain was the beat of a drum whose sound would echo through my head. It was all I could hear. I was glad for it though. It meant the tears that ran down my cheeks were unnoticeable to the passersby who wished me condolences with fake grins etched into their faces. I counted down the minutes until these near strangers would take their leave and I could finally give my mother the goodbye she deserves. In an hour’s time, I got my wish. I stare longingly at the small stone which is supposed to represent the large presence my mother used to hold in our home. The rain had finally stopped, but it didn’t matter anymore. My clothes were drenched, my hands shaking with cold. I would definitely catch a cold. It didn’t matter, I still had something I had to do. With shivers running down my spine, I gently lay the bundle of sorrowful camellia on the soft patch of ground in front of the headstone. Camellias were always my mother’s favorite. I never cared much for them, but now, I despise them.
Daffodil
I sputtered out a cough as I opened the door to our attic. I know my mother used to come up here all the time. The door hadn’t been open since then. Dust had collected in the crevices and spiders had made homes in the corners. The floorboards creak and groan under my footsteps. On any other day, I would have run away, scared. Not today though. I had a mission. I make my way to the stack of boxes that hold a precious treasure of ours. Shifting through the many boxes I finally got my hands on it: a photo album. Leafing through the many pictures I can’t hold back the smile that tugs at my face. The sensation is odd. I hadn’t felt this in a long time. There lay all our memories for me to relive in my head, in my heart, in my soul. I carry the book in my arms tightly as I exit the house and close the door for one last time. As I walk down the once-so-familiar path one last time A speck of yellow catches my eye. It was a daffodil; spring was coming.