In the seat in the back corner of the classroom, Souzou stared out the window, head resting on a raised arm. The slow moving clouds and gentle breeze that swayed the crisp, green leaves of the trees were a stark difference from the rowdy group of students Souzou called classmates. Their loud chatter buzzed like a bug in Souzou’s ears and the stomping of their feet as they chased after each other in the small space echoed like drums. No one bothered to interact with Souzou though. 
Just like clockwork, the bell shrieked loudly at 9, warning the students of their teacher who would walk through the door at any minute. Just as they had all scrambled to their seats the teacher walked in, materials in hand, ready to teach for the day.
“Good Morning class, we have a new student who will be joining us today,” The teacher announced, “Please welcome Yuki!”
        Head high, shoulders back, and a bright smile, the student, Yuki, strolled into the classroom, brown eyes shining with excitement. Yuki’s eyes swept across the room before landing on the figure in the very back by the window. The one student that had yet to catch a look at the newest student, choosing to observe the monotonous scenery outside. Yuki’s lips twitched with amusement.
        As the teacher began to start the lesson for the day Yuki slipped into the seat beside Souzou. Students pulled out their notebooks and pencils to meticulously copy down the notes their teacher had for them. All the students except Yuki and Souzou that is. Souzou, whose gaze remained firm on the transparent barrier, and Yuki who opted to write messages that would end strewn across Souzou’s desk. 
        “You know,” A voice from the left caught Yuki’s attention, “You really should consider taking notes. We’re going to have a test on this stuff next week, you know.”
Yuki looked to see a brown haired girl. A sense of apprehension clouded the girl’s gaze as it flickered between Yuki and the seat beside the window. Yuki’s cheeks burned with embarrassment, but still expressed thanks and began to copy down notes just as the rest of the class was.
After a tortuous hour of racing to catch up with the teacher’s words, the school bell rang, alerting the students of a much appreciated break. Students rose from their seats and gravitated towards their friends. Yuki observed the other students with a nervous eye before glancing back at Souzou. Or where Souzou had been up until now at least. Yuki’s eyes skittered across the classroom to see the tail end of Souzou’s hair leaving the classroom. Yuki shot out of the seat to chase after Souzou, ignorant of the brown haired girl who had a hand reaching towards the now empty desk. 
Yuki followed Souzou to the bathroom where the two simply watched each other in silence for a moment. And then Souzou spoke.
“You’re going to have to make friends eventually Yuki.”
Yuki looked away from Souzou’s piercing gaze, towards the big mirror behind the sinks. A single pair of brown eyes was the only thing that greeted Yuki.
Yuki shivered at the feeling of a faint touch, “Yuki, I can’t stay with you forever,” came the familiar whisper of Souzou’s voice.
Yuki’s eyes closed for a second. Then, with a trembling sigh, Yuki exited the bathroom and reentered the bustling classroom. Before Yuki could look towards the desk in the back corner of the classroom brown hair eclipsed the view. 
“Hi, sorry, I realized I never introduced myself earlier!” 
It was the brown haired girl from earlier.
“My name is Suki! It’s nice to meet you!”
The girl, Suki, reached a hand out in greeting. Yuki looked to her face and then her hand. Slowly, Yuki let out a timid smile and clasped the offered hand.
“Yuki, it’s nice to meet you.”