Narrative 1:
The wind was rushing through her hair as she ran. The little patter of her footsteps echoed through the alley alongside her desperate gasps for air. Yuki weaved through all the little twists and turns she knew like the back of her hand. She would not be caught. Not now, not ever. She clutched the little rolls of bread closer to her chest, she was so close, but the shouts that had been chasing her could be heard getting closer. She couldn’t lead them back to the hideout, if she did, it’d be the end for all of them. 
        Filled with a newfound sense of determination Yuki took the left she usually wouldn’t. Her eyes darted through the alley, it was a dead end. The pursuers were almost on top of her. Just a few seconds left. 
“Come on, there's got to be something, anythi- there!”
Yuki dashed towards one of the crates that’s lid was partially slipped off. It was the perfect size for her. She quickly shoved herself into the crate and carefully pulled the cover over her. She stayed deathly silent. 
“Which way did that brat go?” 
“I swear it was this way!”
“Yeha well, looks like you might have to get your vision checked because it;s a dead end and the little snake isn’t here!”
Yuki peeked through the slits of the crate to watch the two burly men she was fleeing from. 
“Honestly, they already had so much food, why do they care so much about two little loaves of bread,” she thought to herself bitterly.
After what felt like an eternity to Yuki, the two men finally left. Once she was absolutely sure they were gone Yuki crawled out of the cramped crate and retraced her steps back to take the right she normally would have earlier. 
There it was, their precious base. It wasn’t the most pleasant looking structure in the place, but it was what she and the others have come to call home and that was what mattered. Home is where the heart is after all, or something like that.
“I’m back!” Yuki called as she entered.
She was met with silence. Adjusting her grip of the pieces of bread she entered further into the base. It was a mass, as if a hurricane had blown through there. Their plastic chairs that had dents in the legs were strewn across the floor. The stained carpet was ripped to shreds. Blood was splattered across the walls. The only thing left intact was somehow the little porcelain mug one of the younger kids and snatched up from the streets. Yuki picked up the mug with her free hand. It was trembling, Before she could fix her shaky hand the mug slipped. It too now lay shattered on the floor. 
Yuki fell to her knees and sobbed until her voice was hoarse. They were gone.
Narrative 2:
Rin crept along the side of the alleys. She moved with the grace of a cat and her footsteps silent like the dead of night after years of practice. She was practically one with the darkness that surrounded her. She slipped through the maze of pathways that made up the shadow of the city, seeming to know exactly where she was going. And why wouldn’t she? These grounds were basically her playground as a kid. In a matter of moments she had arrived at her destination: the main walkway. Rin had to strain her eyes to adjust them to the blazing sun that shined down on all the bustling paths. Cars zoomed passed with no hesitation for the pedestrians nearby and said pedestrians stride with confidence in their steps.  
“Pft, what a bunch of idiots. Thinking they’re safe just because they’re in a more populated area. That just makes it all the easier to swipe their treasure.” Rin thought to herself, a slight smirk overtaking her features.
Browsing the options available to her, Rin locked her eyes on who her target for the day would be. It was a woman, she had a short stature and dark brown hair cascading down her back. Her clothes and the purse that hung off her arm seemed to scream money.
“Bingo. I’ll probably be set for the week.”
Settling into a similar stride, Rin blended in with the other civilians, never losing track of her objective. Little by little she inched closer to the women. She was so close. She’ll slip her hand in and out of the purse with little resistance than subtly make her exit. It’s worked a thousand times before, it’ll work this time too. 
The purse was in reach. Rin casually reached her hand out to slip it into the purse. Before she could tug it out and make her grand escape, however, she found herself stuck. The bag suddenly disappeared out of her vision and a hand had latched itself around her wrist. Rin looked at the other hand in shock for a beat then raised her eyes to see just who it was that managed to catch her. 
“Yuki?”
Rin was surely delusional. The arm that had grabbed her was attached to her target who had turned to face her. The eyes that met hers were ones Rin never expected to see again. 
“Rin?”
The two girls stared at each other as if they were looking at ghosts.
And then, “Why don’t we go sit down and talk somewhere,” Yuki mumbles, and without waiting for a response, tugs Rin along behind her. 
And Rin, still not over her shock, let herself be dragged along by her long lost friend.
Yuki brought them to a shaded bench, far from listening ears. Right as they reached their destination Rin snapped out of her reverie.
“What do you think you’re doing?” anger seeped into Rin’s voice.
“Me? I should be asking you that! Last I checked you were dead!” Yuki stated incredulously. 
Rin let out a bitter laugh, “I bet you wish I was…”
Yuki gaped at her in shock, “How could you even say that?!”
“Oh I don’t know, maybe it has to do with the fact that you lead those thugs right to our place?? Sure we had the numbers but what were a bunch of kids supposed to do against adults!”
“What?? I didn’t-” Yuki jumped to defend herself, but then she recalled that night. 
She remembered it vividly, of course she did. She knew she had lost the guys chasing her, but she didn’t think they’d take the path leading back to the hideout. She should have known though, she should have led them further away. 
“What nothing to say,” Rin sneered.
Yuki sighed, “I promise, I didn’t mean to bring them there! I swear I thought they’d turn back to where they came from!”
Rin locked eyes with Yuki. Rin was angry, upset, she had lost her family that day, but Yuki was also a part of that family. Rin knew Yuki loved their family as much as she did and she could see the sincerity in her eyes as clear as day.
Rin let out a sigh, “I believe you…”
Yuki let out a small smile, strained, but nonetheless, relieved.
Rin eyed the nice clothes Yuki had on and glanced down at her own rags, “Well, clearly you’ve seen much better days since then.”
Yuki let out an awkward chuckle, “I suppose so, what do you say we catch up, it has been years after all.”
Yuki looked at Rin, a plea clear in her eyes. 
With yet another sigh, “Fine…if it means that much to you”
And with that, the two friends, the two sisters, swapped stories till dark.